Update lookup.rst (#73716)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/plugins/lookup.rst

   - Lookups are executed with a working directory relative to the role or play,
     as opposed to local tasks, which are executed relative the executed script.
   - Pass ``wantlist=True`` to lookups to use in Jinja2 template "for" loops.

>    - By default, lookups are marked as unsafe. Pass ``allow_unsafe=True`` to lookups if you plan to evaluate the variable using the Jinja2 templating language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - By default, lookups are marked as unsafe for security reasons. If you trust the outside source your lookup accesses, pass ``allow_unsafe=True`` to allow Jinja2 templates to evaluate lookup values.
```

>    - By default, lookups are marked as unsafe for security reasons. If you trust the outside source your lookup accesses, pass ``allow_unsafe=True`` to allow Jinja2 templates to evaluate lookup values.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
   - By default, lookup return values are marked as unsafe for security reasons. If you trust the outside source your lookup accesses, pass ``allow_unsafe=True`` to allow Jinja2 templates to evaluate lookup values.
```
